**Date**
- 19 Dec 2023

**Attendees**
- Andrea Mazzini
- Gabriele Galimberti
- Jonathan Sadler
- Nigel Davis
- Ronald Zabaleta

**Tentative agenda:**
- General update
  + Move to LF
  + Decision regarding blog publishing / testimonials availability
- Review 2.6.0 plan, agree priorities, assign owners
- Continue the discussion on digital payload of photonic media

**Next Call, Jan 9**

After the first 30', conflict with webinar "ONF Projects Transforming to Full Community-Led Governance"
Agreed to start TAPI one hour call earlier.

- Path computation: Path as routing constraint, reference OIF 2023.436
- Optical impairments in relationship with Equipment model, reference OIF 2023.422

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Discussion item 1**

General update

20 mins

1) 2.5.0 OAS issues
     - The amended OAS modules are available in the "develop" branch:
       https://github.com/OpenNetworkingFoundation/TAPI/tree/develop

2) Move to LF
     - Gabriele: does LF believe in OTCC/TAPI?
     - Which could be the impact of enthusiasm of our customers? Is Telefonica concerned?
     - Nigel: three years ago would have been worrying, now the criticality of TAPI is well recognized, e.g. thanks to TIP support.
     - TST members asked for a call with ONF and possibly LF representatives, to explore the possible migration.
       + The email titled "ONF Status Update - List of questions" has been circulated among TST members, Andrea will forward to TAPI attendees.

3) Blog for version 2.5.0
     - On hold due to ONF disbanding

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------