**Date**
- 19 March 2024

_Disclaimer:_
_ONF is disbanding and merging into Linux Foundation._
_Until is not fully clarified and agreed under which entity this project will land,_
_no final decisions will be taken by the TAPI team for the TAPI next versions._
_TAPI team will at most agree recommendations, with final agreement postponed._

**Attendees**
- Andrea Mazzini
- Jonathan Sadler
- Esther Le Rouzic (TIP OOPT/MUST)
- Nigel Davis
- Dominique Verchere
- Brian Johnson
- Qilei Wang


**Tentative agenda:**

- General update
  + Update on Linux Foundation
  + 2.5.0 Review: approve draft patches
  + Proposal to close all issues older than 2023
    - Agree the text for the issues closed due to age
- Photonic Model: continue the fix/update of the transceiver provisioning model
  + check transceiver profile and transceiver parameters
- Continue the discussion on digital payload of photonic media
- Model for Multi-technology Network Interface


**Next Call, March 26**

- Update on Linux Foundation
- 2.5.0 Review: final approval of draft patches
- Decision regarding 2.5.0 with separate patches or 2.5.1 including patches
- Photonic Model: continue the fix/update of the transceiver provisioning model
  + check transceiver profile parameters
- Continue the discussion on digital payload of photonic media
- Model for Multi-technology Network Interface
- Review 2.6.0 plan, agree priorities, assign owners

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Discussion item 1**

General update

60 mins

1) Move to LF
   + No updates regarding the TR-547/8 copyright
     - No indication if the name will remain TR or something different
   + Nigel and Lyndon have provided the MoU draft to TIP for review
     - Lyndon has forwarded the copy reviewed by TIP to Scott Nicholas at Linux Foundation for final review and approval 
   + Andrea will contact Kam to start planning the publication of TAPI at ITU-T
     - Explore a possible MoU also with ITU-T and MEF
   + Identified three top priority items regarding the migration:
     1) ONMI project landing page at LF website
	 2) Github reorganization
	 3) Mailing lists reorganization
	 
   + Regarding mailing lists, a possible way forward is to:
    1) Close the Transport API (https://groups.google.com/a/opennetworking.org/g/transport-api)
       Informing the current members if they are interested in the affiliation to "omni-tapi"
    2) Close the Open Transport Configuration & Control (https://groups.google.com/a/opennetworking.org/g/opentransport)
       Informing the current members if they are interested in the affiliation to "omni-project" (new)
    3) Close the Wireless Transport (https://groups.google.com/a/opennetworking.org/g/wireless-transport)
	   Informing the current members if they are interested in the affiliation to "omni-t-wireless" (new)
    4) Close the IISOMI (Informal Inter-SDO Open Model Initiative) (https://groups.google.com/a/opennetworking.org/g/iisomi)
       Informing the current members if they are interested in the affiliation to "omni-iisomi" (new)
    5) Close the Open Information Model & Tooling (https://groups.google.com/a/opennetworking.org/g/information-modeling)
       Informing the current members if they are interested in the affiliation to "omni-iisomi" (new),
       and that the Core IM project is now moved at ITU-T
    6) Regarding onmi-tst, a decision shall be taken regarding keeping the TST or just agree project moderators.

2) [2.5.0 Review: approve draft patches](https://github.com/Open-Network-Models-and-Interfaces-ONMI/TAPI/discussions/579)

3) [Proposal to close all issues older than 2023](https://github.com/Open-Network-Models-and-Interfaces-ONMI/TAPI/discussions/579)


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
**Discussion item 2**

[Transceiver Model](https://github.com/Open-Network-Models-and-Interfaces-ONMI/TAPI/discussions/578)

30 mins

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------